{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15480\viewh15800\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Snake Game
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Description:\ulnone \
 This is a college project created by 5 students from College LaSalle: Alena Belova, Yijia Jiang, Yiling Chen, and Hazel Clarisse Connolly.\
The project represents the legendary snake game, but this time through the console. The game consist of a map, a snake and an apple the snake should eat. The map updates and upload new apple position every time it is run. The snake is controlled with standard gaming key selection: \'91a\'92 (left), \'92s\'92 (down), \'91d\'92 (right), and \'91w\'92 (up). \
The movement of the snake is recorded in the frames. After every change in the position the new frame is uploaded and displayed in the console. For the snake to change the direction, the user should type and return the letter before the new frame is created, otherwise the letter will not be recoded and the snake won\'92t turn. The apple is always updating its position after reloading of the map. The map can be reloaded by rerunning the program from. After catching the apple the user has the option to reload the game or to continue to play.\
\
The icon for the apple was taken from website \
\
https://coolsymbol.com/
\f2\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}